Add more documentation for sizes=auto (#39464)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlimageelement/sizes/index.md

followed by an optional fallback size. Each source size descriptor is
comprised of a media condition, then at least one whitespace character, then the
source size value to use for the image when the media condition
evaluates to `true`.

The `sizes` attribute also accepts the following keyword values:

- `auto`

>   - : You can use the value `auto` to replace the whole list of sizes or the first entry in the list. It is only valid when combined with `loading="lazy"`, and resolves to the [concrete size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image) of the image. Since the intrinsic size of the image is not yet known, `width` and `height` attributes (or CSS equivalents) should also be specified to [prevent the browser assuming a default width of 300px](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/images.html#sizes-attributes:~:text=it%20is%20strongly%20encouraged%20to%20specify%20dimensions%20using%20the%20width%20and%20height%20attributes).

Reviewer: Suggestion: do not duplicate information about the precise attribute value syntax. This entire "Value" section could be replaced with something like "A string containing a comma-separated list of source size descriptors. For the exact syntax and description, see the \[HTML reference\](link)".

Author: It's a bit confusing as this page gives a brief summary of the syntax, and then a link. So think it is worthwhile to mention that `auto` is now supported. However, I cut it down to a single sentence. PTAL.

source size value to use for the image when the media condition
evaluates to `true`. For more information about the syntax of the `sizes` attribute, see [`<img>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/img#sizes).

### Sizes=`auto`

> Additionally, you can use the value `auto` to replace the whole list of sizes or the first entry in the list. It is only valid when combined with `loading="lazy"`, and resolves to the [concrete size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image) of the image. `width` and `height` attributes (or CSS equivalents) should also be specified to [prevent the browser using a default width of 300px](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/images.html#sizes-attributes:~:text=it%20is%20strongly%20encouraged%20to%20specify%20dimensions%20using%20the%20width%20and%20height%20attributes).

Author: Like this?

```suggestion
Additionally, you can use the value `auto` to replace the whole list of sizes or the first entry in the list. It is only valid when combined with `loading="lazy"`, and resolves to the [concrete size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image) of the image. Since the intrinsic size of the image is not yet known, `width` and `height` attributes (or CSS equivalents) should also be specified to [prevent the browser assuming a default width of 300px](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/images.html#sizes-attributes:~:text=it%20is%20strongly%20encouraged%20to%20specify%20dimensions%20using%20the%20width%20and%20height%20attributes).
```

> Additionally, you can use the value `auto` to replace the whole list of sizes or the first entry in the list. It is only valid when combined with `loading="lazy"`, and resolves to the [concrete size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image) of the image. `width` and `height` attributes (or CSS equivalents) should also be specified to [prevent the browser using a default width of 300px](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/images.html#sizes-attributes:~:text=it%20is%20strongly%20encouraged%20to%20specify%20dimensions%20using%20the%20width%20and%20height%20attributes).

Reviewer 2: Looks great!! I mean, there's also the parents dimension and CSS for the image that specifies its dimensions based on the parent, but I don't think you can/should cover all of CSS here..

> Additionally, you can use the value `auto` to replace the whole list of sizes or the first entry in the list. It is only valid when combined with `loading="lazy"`, and resolves to the [concrete size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image) of the image. `width` and `height` attributes (or CSS equivalents) should also be specified to [prevent the browser using a default width of 300px](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/images.html#sizes-attributes:~:text=it%20is%20strongly%20encouraged%20to%20specify%20dimensions%20using%20the%20width%20and%20height%20attributes).

Author: Yeah exactly. Sometimes shorter is sweeter!
